hindi = "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyb38dzetRk"

So once again, welcome to our support channel, where we always choose a world for you to keep your common sense growing so that we can also take care of the fact that you have things that you can tell in a very simple way so that you can understand the video if there is an accident, so let's start this video with this thought and today's theme is 'The Great Intelligence'. You've heard about it and now we're all using it as software in smartphones like Google Maps and Google Assistant. We have given a new direction to human life. In the field of technology, humans have evolved so much that they have now become able to think like this and use their brains to think about creating a moving machine that can function like humans. The reason for this is that the machine that is made is called artificial intelligence. People don't know much about it. So today we're not going to use this oil in this video, but special engine to give you specific information about what it is and what its advantages and disadvantages are. That's what we call artificial inches, that is, when we select a program in a machine that can function like a human being, that's called artificial intelligence. That's what we call the power of intelligence. That's what we grow inside of ourselves. We see something and we hear something and we can think about how to deal with something in the same way that we do inside a computer. Some of the scientists in Iraq had put the idea of Iraq before the world, where I told them that a WhatsApp is planning to create a computer controlled machine or software that can think like the human brain thinks. The idea is that the machine should analyze and remember the thinking of the human brain instead of the machine. So the emphasis is on the advancement of artificial intelligence in computer science, or machine learning. The same way that humans improve their abilities through their experience, so are the programs that machine learning can use to do the work of today. The most commonly used Python programming language for machine learning is Python. Let's see who started it when humans were exploring the true power of computer systems. He was called the father of artificial intelligence in 1956 at a conference, so he's called the father of artificial intelligence. Artificial intelligence is a new mission. It's been discussed around the world for decades. Films like The Matrix Robot Four Minutes Chappelle Donor are based on artificial intelligence, where the report is about how you think like a human being and are an activist. And now we'll know where artificial intelligence is used. Many companies have recently invested heavily in machine learning, which has made many products and apps available to us. So let's talk about some of the things that are available in the recent times. Numbers You've probably seen Apple Photos. You've probably heard of the most popular personal assistant CD. And the personal assistant for Android phones is Google Assistant, which is used to work like the sun. Number two, Google uses it in many of its fields. But Google Maps is a good use of this technology. Google Maps attracts us to our location and always uses a third of the enabled mapping to show us the right way. And it always helps us to save time. Number three, the popular e-commerce website Amazon, has also launched a revolutionary product called your name. It can answer questions that can help you increase traffic and weather. Your report can tell you how much you like and schedule this explosion. Tesla car is going to be one of the best available office cars ever, and once you connect to a Tesla car, it's going to have features like Fry, and there's going to be a lot of self-driving cars that are going to be smarter in the future. Number five is also being used heavily in the manufacturing industry. The number of phones helps the team make decisions and act quickly. The machine, as opposed to humans, does not need constant rest and replacement. It is capable of working for long periods of time. It does not get up or get distracted. It cannot do so. The number four or communication can bring about major changes in the fields of health, health, disaster management and agriculture, etc. And now we know what artificial intelligence is. This could be the result of Indian experts saying that thinking robots could be a threat to humanity if they were to consider humans their enemy for some reason under these circumstances. Number seven, artificial intelligence requires huge costs because there are so many duplex machines and huge costs to repair and maintain. Number five, there is no doubt that it is taking many jobs away from humans, with unemployment problems that are still to grow. Google CEO Sundar Pichay says that we have learned to use fire and electricity for the benefit of humanity, but we have to overcome its downsides. If there was no way to avoid it, it could have serious consequences because despite all the claims that AI is in our hands, what do you think about the benefits that AI is giving us or how it will affect humans in the future? Please tell us in the comments what you like and what you hope is in the comments.
